Science

    What animal has the highest blood pressure?
    Giraffe,Elephant,Lion,Whale
    What are the audible consequences of apnea?
    Snoring,Insomnia,Coughing,Shouting
    What does a glaucoma provoke if it's not treated?
    Blindness,Deafness,Loss of Taste,Loss of Smell
    What is the building block of matter?
    Atom,Element,Bonds,Isotopes
    What can not be done as we swallow?
    Breathing,Blinking,Clapping,Smelling
    What happens with the temperature when boiling point is reached?
    It's maintained stable,It becomes unstable,It continues to rise,It continues to lower
    When are young elephants considered to be adults?
    12 to 15 years old,6 to 10 years old, 8 to 11 years old,13 to 18 years old
    Au is an abbreviation for which chemical element?
    Gold,Silver,Iron,Tungsten
    Which part of the eye responds to light?
    Retina,Iris,Cornea,Eyelashes
    What’s the name of the chronic mood disorder that alternates periods of hypomanic symptoms with periods of mild depression?
    Cyclothymia,Bipolar,Schizoaffective,Attention Deficit
    Only two species are poisonous the Mexican beaded and the Gila monster, which is also the largest one in the US. What is it?
    Lizard,Newt,Alligator,Toad
    Which of these is a theory about the creation of the universe?
    Big Bang,Relativity,Atomic,Quantum Field
    Which two common household items have a violent chemical reaction when combined?
    Sodium Bicarbonate and Vinegar,Alcohol and Citric Acid,Bleach and Chalk,Glycerine and Pencil Lead
    What form of radiation has the shortest wavelength?
    Gamma-Ray,X-Ray,Microwave,Radio
    Which of the following is the smallest?
    Quarks, Atoms, Cells, Neutrons
    What does "c" stand for in the Mass-Energy Equivalence Equation, E = mc^2?
    Speed of Light,Force of Gravity,Pi,Cell's Energy

History

    Who is the person who navigated the world through sea in the late 1500s?
    Francis Drake, Poseiden, Christopher Columbs, Jason from the Argonauts
    Who is created with the invention of direct current?
    Thomas Edison, Nicola Tesla, Albert Einstein, You
    Which Japanese general created the Three-Line-Formation?
    Oda Nobunaga, Katsuhika Houkusai, Sakata Kintoki, Murasaki Shikibu
    Which river became a major asset to ancient Egypt?
    Nile River, Amazon River, Atem River, Yami River
    For what purpose did Alred Nobel create the dynamite?
    To build canals, For War, Rob banks, For Fun
    Which disease, from Europeans, decimated the Native American population?
    Smallpox, HIV, Black Plague, Covid-56
    When was the steam engine created?
    1700s, 1500s, 1600s, 1650s
    Who was the last pharaoh?
    Cleopatra VII, Ramesses II, Nitocris, Kukulkan

Food

    hold

Movies

    hold

Technology
hold

Art
Who created the Mona lisa?
Leonardo Da Vinci,Sandro Botticelli,Raphael,Filippo Brunelleschi

Video Games
Which main-line pokemon game is the first and only game to recieve a sequel?
Black/White,Ruby/Saphire,Diamond/Pearl,HeartGold/SoulSilver
Which console generation are we currently in?
9th,8th,10th,7th
Which VR headset launched first for consumers?
Oculus Rift,HTC Vive,Playstation VR,Sega VR Headset
Which is the best-selling video game console of all time?
Playstation 2,Nintendo Switch,Nintendo Wii,Xbox 360
Which Hideo Kojima game was cancelled because of Konami?
PT,Death Stranding 2,Metal Gear Solid 6,Snatcher 2
Which of these characters have never been a fighter in the Super Smash Brothers Series?
Master Chief,Chrom,Sora,Captain Falcon
Which of these is not a subtitle to a Legend of Zelda game?
Seeds of Salvation,Skyward Sword,Twilight Princess,Oracle of Seasons
What animal has the highest blood pressure?
Giraffe,Elephant,Lion,Whale
Whose laws of motion are these? "An object in motion tends to stay in motion, while an object at rest tends to stay at rest."
Isaac Newton, Albert Einstein, Galileo Galilei, Nikola Tesla
What is the boiling point of water at sea level in degrees Celsius?
100, 0, -50, 50
What is the largest organ in the human body?
Skin, Liver, Heart, Brain
Which planet is known as the Red Planet?
Mars, Venus, Jupiter, Saturn
What is the smallest planet in our solar system?
Mercury, Mars, Venus, Pluto
Which particle in an atom has a negative charge?
Electron, Proton, Neutron, Nucleus
What is the most abundant gas in the Earth's atmosphere?
Nitrogen, Oxygen, Carbon Dioxide, Hydrogen
What is the symbol for the element iron on the periodic table?
Fe, C, Au, Ag
What is the largest bone in the human body?
Femur, Tibia, Humerus, Radius
What is the fastest land animal in the world?
Cheetah, Lion, Elephant, Giraffe
What is the process by which plants convert sunlight into energy?
Photosynthesis, Respiration, Digestion, Fermentation
What is the nearest star to Earth (after the Sun)?
Proxima Centauri, Alpha Centauri, Betelgeuse, Sirius
What is the smallest unit of life?
Cell, Atom, Molecule, Gene
What kind of energy is stored in a stretched rubber band?
Elastic potential energy, Gravitational potential energy, Kinetic energy, Thermal energy
